well howdy there internet people that's
Bo Ginn so I mentioned police
militarization in that last video I'm a
my inbox blew up with people asking me
to talk about it so here we are this
video might get a little long some up
thought about a little bit the problem
starts with the idea of the warrior cop
okay and by that they want to mimic the
military and what they think warrior
means is killer see most of the military
and killers not half not 1/3 1/4 not 10%
4% 4% of the military are killers you
want to look into this topic there's a
book called on killing by Lieutenant
Colonel Grossman
highly recommend it so they've equated
killing with being a warrior if you've
done that you're probably neither to be
honest
a warrior everybody in the military is a
warrior and I'll tell you right now
those guys in Civil Affairs or the
Seabees they've kept more bad guys off
the battlefield than any trigger puller
those irrigation ditches for farmers the
bridges the schools that infrastructure
that keeps people off the battlefield
give some options that's funny because
we understand this gear on wartime the
military gets it but here at home
well Flint's water will fix itself we
don't really need to worry about
education it's not like crime and
poverty and a lack of options go hand
and hand or anything but anyway so
they're warrior cops and what they mean
is they're killers
and they they want the toys to go with
that so that's one issue the other issue
that's happening at the same time is
that their law enforcement now their law
enforcement their job is to enforce
not protect the public and that's
changed now what that means though if
you're no longer a public servant your
job is strictly to enforce the law it
means you're personally responsible on a
moral level for every law on the books
if you don't agree with it and you're
willing to enforce it well then you're
just a hired goon
if you're a cop in an area where feeding
the homeless is illegal you're a bad cop
period full stop if you're willing to
enforce that law you're a bad cop now I
know that's gonna be hard for a lot of
people to swallow but it's the truth if
your interest is no longer protecting
the public and it's only enforcing the
law you're just accepting orders and
taking a paycheck to do it using
violence you're hired good so you have
those two issues that have shifted and
then you have the propaganda that
they've put out to justify them being
warriors and I say propaganda because
most of its not true where you go
through it right now you know you hear
about X number of law-enforcement killed
every year and it's normally more than
100 and they get those numbers from the
Officer Down Memorial Page go take a
look and look at the cause of death when
you think killed in the line of duty
man you're thinking bullets not
cheeseburgers cop dies of a heart attack
on shift well he was killed in the line
of duty they do anything they can to
inflate those numbers you have a problem
with that is I mean if you're gonna run
propaganda fine but don't believe it
yourself and that's what's happened
they've convinced themselves now that
everybody's out to get them and they're
in a hyper dangerous job and because of
that they're real quick to pull the
trigger real quick
and that leads to mistakes and
unjustified killings
you know I was part of the team of
journalists at ripped apart that study
by I think it was Washington Times might
have been the Washington Post a couple
years ago and they the idea behind the
study was to dissect on armed killings
and find out how many they were problem
is they intentionally excused the
statistics because they counted anybody
that the police said they thought they
were armed as armed so if you're holding
a cell phone and cop killed you and he
said well I thought it was gun you're
armed in that study when you're not
trying to skew the statistics one out of
ten one out of ten people were killed
while unarmed
that's pretty high that is pretty high
now there's some people say well that's
ten percent that's not really that bad
is it let's put in another perspective
let's say you order a pizza once a week
and five times a year
guy brings you the wrong order you're
probably gonna stop ordering from there
you hold a pizza delivery driver more
accountable for the accuracy of your
order then you do a cop for the accuracy
of his bullets but that's fitting
because being a pizza delivery driver is
actually more dangerous than being a cop
not a joke beer and Labor Department
statistics being a cop not really that
dangerous not a lot of deaths really
it's not even in the top ten loggers
fishermen roofers delivery drivers all
have more dangerous jobs but they don't
know that they've bought into their own
propaganda so you hear things like well
I want to go home at the end of my shift
why don't you do that and stay there
your duty is not bounded by risk my
friend
we know you want to go home at the end
of your shift
everybody does that's that's completely
understandable the unarmed people that
were killed they wanted to go home to
you chose this profession they probably
didn't choose to interact with you so
you have this issue they believe they
truly believe that there's a war on cops
there's not but they believe there is
and they want to be warrior cops and by
that they mean killers so what do you
need well he think warrior toys right
you need flashbangs and suppress mp5s
you need em wraps and that SWAT team
that's why teams supposed to be a life
saving tool really is it's why it was
designed it's also supposed to be rarely
used it's in the name that first letter
s special it's not supposed to be used
for every penny any drug dealer she even
look cool in your Oakleys
she can be an operator you know then
it's funny with those drug raids now a
whole lot of them you starting to see it
in the newspaper no drugs were found of
course not you pulled up in an MRAP you
ever stood outside the thing when it was
running you can hear it a mile away as
soon as you turn the corner they were
flushing it now I personally don't have
a problem with that one because I don't
really agree with prohibition anyway but
that's neither here nor there let's talk
about the flashbangs
these are their low-grade concussion
devices of what they are they call them
distraction devices because they want to
make it sound like it's a firecracker
but these things can maim and they do
especially when they're misused and used
by people that don't have training and
that's what happens they get these toys
but they don't get the training to go
with it so they thrown through windows
into cribs or they throw them in before
a raid they haven't hit the place with
thermal they have no idea where the
people inside are and that leads to
problems too
or yet another example saw the video
they hit the guy with concussion grenade
or with the flashbang and then they
start giving him commands a lot of light
a lot of sound blinds defens and
disorients you can't hear him he
couldn't comply if he wanted to and we
know what happens if you don't comply
with a cop right comply or die that's
what happened to him they killed him
they got the toys they don't have the
training and then when you look at the
SWAT teams themselves you know almost
every jurisdiction has one now and when
you look at them when they're doing
their training and their little promo
videos man they look good
most of them got some guy from some high
speed army unit to come out and train
them and they're doing it man they got
it they're clearing the rooms they're
cutting the pie they got it of course if
you want to be an operator and you want
to mimic those high speed teens do it
you know how much intelligence work goes
into one of those operations before one
of those shooters ever puts his foot on
a door not a whole lot of times when
you're gonna see one of those units kick
in a door on the wrong address
or at the right address but the guy that
lived there moved two years ago because
they don't get their target location out
of DMV records I've known some criminals
in my day updating their drivers license
address not really a high priority guys
yeah y'all need to knock that off so
there's that they have the toys they
don't have the training but they think
they do and that leads to a discrepancy
between perceived capability and actual
capability and then that causes more
problems because the perceived
capability when you say SWAT team
those guys they're operators right they
got their Oakley's they didn't man they
know what they're doing in real life
almost any time one of these small
jurisdictions with their SWAT team
encounters real resistance they get
greased because they ran into somebody
with actual capability it was like that
case out there in Texas it encompasses
almost all of this SWAT team kicks in
the door throws in a flashbang then they
move in the one guy stops the whole team
kills three of them they were there to
get his nephew who wasn't home was not
there and then because they did it the
way they did and he was deafened he
couldn't hear him identify themselves he
was found not guilty killed three of
them that's gonna happen more and more
because they're focusing their training
on killing not being a warrior there's a
whole lot more to being an operator than
just poking holes in paper you want to
be that you're gonna have to up your
training a whole lot but there's no real
need for it again police violence
violence against police it's not a
dangerous job there is no war on cops
there should be no warrior cops anyway
it's just a fault
I could go on for hours on this topic
but I'm gonna cut it short
you guys really law enforcement needs to
rethink this the the more they step away
from their role as public servants
and from their role as protectors of the
public and more into we're just going to
enforce whatever law were told and we're
going to use these tools that we have
these weapons to do it there's going to
be more and more fatalities and for the
record guys that m4 or that mp5 that's a
tool you're the weapon if you're a
warrior and then when we're back to that
topic of I want to go home at the end of
my shift you want to be a warrior maybe
somebody in the comment section will
acquaint you with what the way of the
warrior really is anyway y'all have a
nice night
just a thought